---
title: apache
displaytext: mod_csrfprotector
layout:  null
tab: true
order: 2
tags: apache
---
### What is mod_csrfprotector?
Its an Apache 2.x.x Module (Currently 2.2.x) under development. It can be installed and configured in any Apache Server to protect it against Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks. **Mod_csrfprotector** provides protection to both POST and GET requests (not enabled by default).

### How mod_csrfprotector works?
Once installed in Apache Server, every request that is made to the server, and validated against CSRF attacks by the input filters. The input filter follows a protocol as mentioned by the developer in configuration, which helps the module to decide whether to validate the request. The input filter checks for the appropriate token sent with the request. Request if forwarded to other filters or content generators (like PHP or CGI) in validation is successful. Otherwise, appropriate actions are taken as per configuration. For ex: 403, Forbidden header is send to the client. The Output filter, checks for the content type of output generated by the content generator and if it is `text/html` or `text/xhtml` it appends javascript code to the output. This js code in client-side is responsible for attaching CSRFP_token with every required request sent from the client.

### Features Offered
CSRF Protection provide protection for:
 - Normal HTML forms (POST/GET)
 - Normal Get requests (Not enabled by default)
 - Ajax Requests (XHR)
 - Dynamically generated forms
 
### Damages Mitigated: Cross-Site Request Forgery
CSRF Protector provides mitigation against Cross-Site Request Forgery a.k.a CSRF or XSRF.

### How to contribute
To contribute to the code fork and send a pull to: [GitHub Repo - mod_csrfprotector](https://github.com/mebjas/mod_csrfprotector)

### TODOs
All todos for mod_csrfprotector are listed at: [todofy/mebjas/mod_csrfprotector](http://www.todofy.org/r/mebjas/mod_csrfprotector)